Binary scanner license (#782)
OpenLiberty/ci.gradle: README.md

| [undeploy](docs/undeploy.md#undeploy-task)                         | Removes applications from the Liberty server. |
| [uninstallFeature](docs/uninstallFeature.md#uninstallfeature-task) | Remove a feature from the Liberty runtime. |

> *The `libertyDev`, `libertyDevc`, and `generateFeatures` tasks have a runtime dependency on IBM WebSphere Application Server Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries, which is separately licensed under IBM License Agreement for Non-Warranted Programs. See license [here](https://public.dhe.ibm.com/ibmdl/export/pub/software/websphere/wasdev/license/wamt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*The `libertyDev`, `libertyDevc`, and `generateFeatures` tasks have a runtime dependency on IBM WebSphere Application Server Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries, which is separately licensed under IBM License Agreement for Non-Warranted Programs. For more information, see the [license](https://public.dhe.ibm.com/ibmdl/export/pub/software/websphere/wasdev/license/wamt).
```
